[12.0][ADD] sale_timesheet_limit_date (#890)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_timesheet_limit_date/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module adds a date field to sale order and invoice. This date limits the

> selection of timesheet lines for including them in sale order and invoice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selection of timesheet lines to include them in sale order and invoice.
```

> When creating an invoice the limit date will be inherited from the sale order, then date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an invoice is created from a sale order, the limit date will be propagated from the sale order to the invoice,  and the date
```

> in sale order is cleaned, when invoice validated lines will be constraint by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in sale order is removed.
```

I don't understand what you mean with "when invoice validated lines will be constraint by limitation date". There is no constraint on the invoice models as far as I can see...

limitation date.

> Known issues if sale order has two invoices in draft state, and the validated 

Reviewer: Please move this to `ROADMAP.rst`

one with the newest date or without date that it pick all lines till this date, 

> and invoice with older date will have no any lines.

Reviewer: Please rephrase this.

Author: This is not valid for v12 so I drop that at all

> Compatibility with sale_milestone_profile_invoicing are not tested.

Reviewer: Please move to `ROADMAP.rst` as well
